Encourage adding new repos in profile (#2)
xarray-contrib/.github: profile/README.md

- [xarray-simlab](https://github.com/xarray-contrib/xarray-simlab) - Xarray extension and framework for computer model simulations
- [flox](https://github.com/xarray-contrib/flox) - Fast & furious GroupBy operations for dask.array
- [datatree](https://github.com/xarray-contrib/datatree) - Experimental implementation of a tree-like hierarchical data structure for xarray.

We hope that including projects under the xarray-contrib organization improves project visibility and increases the likelihood of sustainable open source maintenance and development.

> To contribute your project, please follow the directions [here](https://github.com/xarray-contrib/xarray-contrib)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute your project, please follow the directions on the [xarray-contrib](https://github.com/xarray-contrib/xarray-contrib) repository
```
